docs: update upgrade docs for v1.13 release (#13335)
rook/rook: Documentation/Upgrade/rook-upgrade.md

## Breaking changes in v1.13

* The minimum supported version of Kubernetes is v1.23.
  Upgrade to Kubernetes v1.23 or higher before upgrading Rook.
* The minimum supported version of Ceph is v17.2.0.
  If a lower version is currently deployed, [Upgrade Ceph](./ceph-upgrade.md) before upgrading Rook.

> * CephCSI CephFS driver introduced a breaking change in v3.9.0. If any existing CephFS storageclass in

Reviewer: I'd suggest we can remove this csi issue since it would have been handled during the v1.12 upgrade, right?

Author: Done

  the cluster has `MountOptions` parameter set, follow the steps mentioned in the
  [CephCSI upgrade guide](https://github.com/ceph/ceph-csi/blob/v3.9.0/docs/ceph-csi-upgrade.md/#upgrading-cephfs)
  to ensure a smooth upgrade.
* Support for the admission controller has been removed. CRD validation is now enabled with

>   [Validating Admission Policies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/validating-admission-policy/).

Reviewer 2: The validating admission policies say's beta is available from 1.28 but the CEL is in beta since 1.25 a
```
Beta since Kubernetes 1.25, CEL Validation Rules allow CRD authors to express validation constraints on their fields using a rich expression language, [CEL](https://github.com/google/cel-spec). This article explores how you can use validation rules to implement a few common immutability patterns directly in the manifest for a CRD.
```

Author: I've been confused by the way k8s does those notes as well. The current version of k8s is 1.28, where the feature is beta, and that is what the note means. The note isn't intended to indicate the release where the feature entered beta.

Author: Also, we should continue to refer to this by the k8s feature name, which is "Validating Admission Policy." CEL is the language used to specify VAPs, but it is not the feature name. I also don't think that it's important for Rook users to know what CEL is since they won't be writing the rules for it. It's just an implementation detail, and it seems better to not overcomplicate things for them.

>   This requires Kubernetes version v1.25 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Kubernetes version v1.24 or lower will ignore the policies.
```

  If the admission controller is enabled, upgrade to Kubernetes v1.25 or higher before upgrading Rook.

>   It has been disabled by default since Rook v1.10.9. For more info, see https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/11532.

Author: After some thought, it seemed like a better suggestion to me to recommend that any current admission users upgrade to k8s v1.25+ rather than to set `ROOK_DISABLE_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER: true`. Changing the setting would only affect the current v1.12 deployment, and it would result in a short "continuity loss" for the underlying feature which I would call "complex CRD validations."

For users who care about this, I think they will be better supported.

For users who don't (which we expect to be 95%+), it's a moot point.

Reviewer: What if we just be clear that lower versions will ignore the admission policies? They can decide then if they want to upgrade K8s, no need to state that they really should. IMO line 63 is unnecessary, but not a big deal.

Author: I think we maybe should do both, but I'm a cynic. I've seen too many users do something that is against their own best interests because they failed to fully process through the impacts of a statement like "this feature is ignored for versions below X." Having a specific suggestion like "if you rely on this, don't upgrade before you have upgraded to at least X" seems like it would help solidify things for readers who are less "active."

!!! hint
    The operator is automatically updated when using Helm charts.

The largest portion of the upgrade is triggered when the operator's image is updated to `v1.13.x`.
When the operator is updated, it will proceed to update all of the Ceph daemons.

> ```console

Reviewer: Actually this is already updated in the [1.13 branch](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/release-1.13/Documentation/Upgrade/rook-upgrade.md?plain=1#L192), so you can revert this tag.
